Where am I?
[heart beating]
[Ost] I am a familiar
of the Spirit Tortoise.
Up until now, I’ve done my duty
and taken countless souls
of the living.
I did it to protect this world
from the threat of the Waves.
At least,
that’s what I told myself.
But...
[heartbeat stops]
if I have no need for emotions,
then why did I need
to tell myself anything
in the first place?
Why does it feel
like there’s a knife
being twisted into my heart
each time I gaze
upon their smiles?
Why is a mere familiar
experiencing these feelings?
- [man laughing]
- [Ost gasps]
- Laughter?
- [laughter continues]
Who’s there?
- [laughter stops]
- [wind blowing]
Enough! Reveal yourself!
[ominous music playing]
[gasps]
[panting]
[scythe clunks]
Huh?! Wait a minute!
That’s...
[chuckles] Long time, no see!
- [Therese sighs]
- It’s been a while, kiddo!
Why’d we even bother
with those disguises?
You had no intention of hiding,
did you, L’Arc?
[Naofumi] L’Arc! Therese!
And is that Glass?
What the hell
are you three doing here?
[Ost sighs]
They’re supposedly heroes
from another world
sent to kill
the Four Cardinal Heroes.
For the sake of our world...
you gotta die.
[Naofumi] But they were
supposed to have gone home
during the Wave
at Cal Mira Island.
[no audible dialogue]
Try not to look
so tense, kiddo!
I promise that we’re not here to
try to start a fight with you.
What? Then why are you here?
Come on. You must know.
The guy who managed to break
the Spirit Tortoise Seal,
we’re here to kick his ass.
[music playing]
You’re here to defeat the one
who broke the seal, huh?
It’s our world’s problem, so why
do you have to get involved?
[winces]
Because whoever it was
probably came from another world
like those three.
Is that accurate?
It is.
In fact, this isn’t
the first time he’s done this.
He’s trying
to control Guardian Beasts
from other worlds too.
What he’s doing goes against
the very laws of our worlds.
The laws of our worlds, huh?
I know what you’re thinking.
We want you dead,
so why would we help you?
It would make more sense
for us to help him, right?
Well, this guy’s different.
He’s wreaking havoc
in this world
all for the sake
of his own personal greed.
And if he isn’t stopped soon,
then his actions
will bring misery and
destruction to our world too.
[fan clinks]
So we have no choice
but to eliminate him.
These words
are their feelings...
the whispers
of our vassal weapons.
So then, are you guys
after him too?
Well, if that’s the case,
then how about another truce,
but only until we stop him?
Huh?
But, L’Arc, that’s just...
- [Naofumi] I refuse.
- [both gasp]
There’s no way I’m joining up
with someone I’m gonna
have to kill eventually.
[sighs]
[Naofumi] That being said,
if you’re not
going to start a fight with us
or cause any trouble,
then I don’t care what you do,
so do what you want!
[Raphtalia sighs]
Yeah, I figured as much.
Well, it was nice chatting
with you again, Shield Hero.
See you around, kiddo!
Master Naofumi.
This is for the best.
[wind blowing]
[rumbling]
[rocks falling]
- [flesh stretching]
- [heart beating]
[Haikazuya officer]
That’s impossible.
You mean we paid
such a high price for nothing?
At the speed it’s regenerating,
we’re not gonna have
enough time to prepare
before it becomes active again.
What’s taking the Shield Hero
and his party so long?
[Mirellia] Both the Shield Hero
and his party
have entered
the Spirit Tortoise’s body.
They’ve ventured deep within to
destroy the heart in its body,
in hopes of putting an end
to the Tortoise for good.
They what?
[Mirellia] Meaning it’s up to us
to stop the Spirit Tortoise’s
advance at all costs
until they’re finished.
[officers grunt]
Now I, Mirellia Q. Melromarc,
shall lead the charge
on the Spirit Tortoise,
and in so doing,
hope to inspire courage
in the hearts of our soldiers!
How noble.
[grunts]
Know that we’ll be
right behind you.
Let’s not waste
any more time, then.
[music playing]
It’s hard to believe
the one behind this
could be somebody
from another world
like L’Arc or Therese.
I wouldn’t be
so sure about that.
But...
Something’s bugging me, though.
Huh?
What’s the deal
with Glass’ getup?
Why was she dressed like that?
Who knows?
Well, Ost?
[energy chiming]
[Ost] This way.
Wow. She’s remembering a lot.
You’re right. Which must mean
that we’re getting
even closer to its heart.
I wonder which way the
scythe people ended up going.
- [tense music playing]
- [chittering]
[panting]
Uh, L’Arc, are you sure
this is the right way?
Sure! Just look
at all these familiars!
That means
we have to be close, right?
What it means
is nothing, L’Arc!
[gasps]
[growls]
[roaring]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Naofumi] Is that
a dragon hourglass?
[Filo] It’s so blue!
[Raphtalia] The sand’s
all in the bottom part of it.
Does it have something to do
with the Waves?
[Naofumi sighs]
More importantly,
what does this icon mean?
[Ost] It shows
the current number of souls
taken by the Spirit Tortoise.
Once the hourglass is full,
it’s supposed
to create a barrier
that can protect the world
from the Waves.
So I take it
this isn’t the heart, then.
Unless it is.
No.
Unfortunately
this isn’t the heart.
It’s merely to show
how many souls
have been harvested
by the Spirit Tortoise.
Only now am I remembering this
[all sigh]
- [wall crumbles]
- [gasping]
[grunts] Let’s go!
[panting]
[chuckles]
This is the turtle monster’s
heart, isn’t it?
We have to destroy it.
But what will happen
to the Guardian Beast?
We don’t have a choice, Therese.
Everything up until now
has been against its own will.
We’ll be freeing it.
I understand.
[both grunt]
Eww! This is disgusting!
[Filo] What is all this stuff?
Are you okay back there, Ost?
I don’t understand anymore.
Huh?
The original task I was given
was to steal
the souls of the living
and use them
to power the Spirit Tortoise.
I thought by doing that,
I’d help save the world.
[gasps]
However...
I had no idea
what that entailed.
Is this world worth protecting
if it costs the lives and smiles
of those
who fought alongside me?
Aren’t the souls of the people
who smile like that
the ones I should be trying
to protect instead of the world?
[both gasp]
You can’t carry
those burdens alone!
So trust in us. We’ll find
a way to save them together!
You don’t need to worry.
We’re all comrades here
after all.
Comrades?
Yeah, of course!
And I bet you
Naofumi feels the same way.
Oh, he might not like
that I’m speaking for him.
He wouldn’t mind.
And I’m sure that’s exactly
what he’s thinking right now.
And also...
[Filo] Me too!
We think so too.
You’re our teammate.
Thank you.
As the Spirit Tortoise’s
familiar,
you can’t help but care
for people so deeply.
I’m sure it does too.
So then let’s find a way
to avoid defeating it.
Hey! I found an exit over here!
you think this leads
to its mouth?
If this is the mouth,
will we get barfed up?
I’d like to believe that its
head hasn’t regrown just yet.
What do we do? Do we turn back?
No.
[music playing]
[Raphtalia and Rishia gasp]
This path should take us
to the heart.
Let’s hurry.
This is it,
the Spirit Tortoise’s heart.
[man laughing]
My, my. I never expected you
to come all the way here!
I suppose I flirted with
the idea of you showing up,
but I’m surprised nonetheless.
[chorus vocalizing]
[gasps]
It’s only right
that I introduce myself.
You can call me Kyo Ethnina...
also known as the wielder
of the Book Vassal Weapon.
[Naofumi] What?
The Book Vassal Weapon?
[singer vocalizing]
[Ost gasps]
[energy warbles]
[gasps]
You’re not going
to introduce yourselves?
How rude.
That’s not his real body?
I’m guessing
you’re the Shield Hero.
You certainly know
how to attract a crowd.
Wait, is that
supposed to be your harem?
[Naofumi] How about
coming down from there, coward,
before you provoke me?
[Kyo] Huh?
[tense music playing]
[laughs]
You certainly
live up to your reputation,
Shield Hero,
but I should have guessed
you’d have quite
the high Provoke resistance,
unlike the other three Heroes.
Provoke resistance?
[sighs]
The other three heroes,
what do you know about them?
Huh? Why the hell
would I tell you that?
Stop asking
other people for help,
and find out yourself,
you moron.
[Naofumi scoffs]
[Kyo] Oh, but I can
tell you about them!
It’s pretty funny, actually.
The muscle-brained idiots
traveled all the way
from another world
just to waste their time here.
[gasps] You mean L’Arc’s party?
Yeah, them!
As we speak, they’re
running around this place,
destroying
the Spirit Tortoise’s hearts,
fake hearts
that keep multiplying
the more they’re destroyed!
[gasps] Damn, what gives?
Why are there so many hearts?
[flames crackling]
Wait. Take a look.
These are...
[fan slices]
Looks like we fell
for his little trap.
So it was a trap?!
[laughs]
They really are idiots,
aren’t they?
You remind me
of being back home.
Please know I mean that
in the worst way.
Oh, cool.
Too bad I don’t care.
So are you gonna tell me
what you want from me?
I’m a busy guy, you know.
I was gonna ask if you’re
behind this whole thing,
but it’s obvious you are.
[sighs]
I don’t care who you are!
Relinquish control
of the Tortoise,
and return all of the souls
that you took!
Huh? Was that
an order or request?
Whichever it is, you need
to rethink your game plan.
I mean, did you seriously
expect me to agree to that?
I couldn’t care less
what you plan to do
with the Spirit Tortoise,
as long as you do it
in your own world.
[Kyo] Huh? Are you stupid?
I’m doing it in this
dumpster fire of a world,
’cause it’s way easier.
This guy is
getting on my nerves.
I don’t like him much, either.
He’s rude.
If you truly believe
that nonsense,
then you
shouldn’t be surprised
that this world’s people
are fighting back.
[grumbles] You don’t know
how to shut up, do you, woman?
Hmm?
Oh. Hmm.
Only the Four Cardinal Heroes,
who were summoned here
to stop the Waves,
can decide this world’s fate!
Which is why
you’ll give them back,
the Spirit Tortoise
and the souls.
This is both my will
and the Spirit Tortoise’s.
[both gasp]
[Kyo laughs] Okay.
I get what’s happening now.
[grunts] Oh, thank you.
You were
the easiest to understand
out of them all, really.
[inhales]
[sighs]
All right, then.
If that’s how it is,
then best of luck.
[gasps]
Careful.
[energy whines]
[Naofumi] Meteor Shield!
[grunting]
[shield shatters]
What the hell was that?!
Can’t you tell?
The heart’s
self-defense system activated.
[gasps] Meteor Shield!
Spiral Strike!
[winces]
[gasps]
Ost, are you okay?
Don’t worry about me!
Keep attacking the heart!
Raphtalia!
[grunts]
[gasps]
[yells]
[Ost screams]
[panting]
Just hang in there, Ost!
[Rishia] Hang in there!
[wind blows]
[soft music playing]
[heart beats]
[energy chimes]
[gasps]
This must be...
[energy chimes]
Well, would you look at that.
[shudders]
[crying]
- Ost, please!
- [Ost murmurs]
Wake up!
Please, I’m begging you!
You can’t...
Please, Ost.
I didn’t get a chance
to say goodbye!
[crying]
[gasps]
Ost, you’re okay!
I promise you I’m fine, Rishia.
Everything will be okay.
Although, things would only be
okay if I weren’t still here.
Hold on. We destroyed the heart,
yet you’re alive.
That’s right.
Even with its head cut off
and its heart destroyed,
the Spirit Tortoise lives.
[sighs]
However...
That light is beautiful.
I remember it all now,
about the Tortoise and me.
I remember who I am.
[chorus vocalizing]
I, Ost Hourai,
give my orders
to the heavens and the earth.
Sever the laws of reality,
bind them together,
and spit out the pus within!
And now I command myself
to reveal the path
to my deepest depths!
Ost, you’re...
That spell she’s casting.
[gasps]
Please, hurry!
The Spirit Tortoise is reviving!
- [flesh stretching]
- [gasps]
- [dramatic music playing]
- [chorus continues]
[all grunt]
[sighs]
[grunts]
[rumbling]
What is that?
It’s healing?
[Elrasla] Huh?
Ohh!
It’s moving!
[soldiers grunt]
[shrieking]
[music ends]
[gasps]
[Ost gasps]
[Kyo sighs]
Talk about a pain in the ass.
I was hoping
you wouldn’t show up.
But since you’re here now,
welcome to the Spirit Tortoise’s
deepest depths!
[tense music playing]
Damn! I’m surprised
that you, of all people,
actually ended up coming here,
seeing as this must be
rather difficult for you, no?
I gotta admit you gave me
quite the scare back there.
A scare? What’s he saying?
Your tiny brain
hasn’t figured it out?
Oh, but judging
from their faces,
it looks like the Shield Hero
and the green-haired girl
have realized it.
[Raphtalia gasps]
I don’t get it.
What’s he talking about?
[sighs]
[Kyo] If you haven’t
figured it out by now,
you’re just an idiot.
Then again, if you’re that dumb,
you probably
couldn’t have done anything,
even if you had figured it out!
It can’t be.
Yup. Had you just killed that
annoying woman from the start,
you wouldn’t have needed
to come all the way here
or let any of those soldiers die
in that pointless battle
back there.
[gasps]
That woman isn’t
the Spirit Tortoise’s familiar.
She’s connected
to its very core.
You could say she is
the Spirit Tortoise itself!
[Filo gasps]